update supported devices (#2323)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: demos/README.md

| vehicle-license-plate-detection-barrier-0106     | [Security Barrier Camera Demo](./security_barrier_camera_demo/cpp/README.md)                                     | Supported | Supported | Supported   |
| vehicle-license-plate-detection-barrier-0123     | [Security Barrier Camera Demo](./security_barrier_camera_demo/cpp/README.md)                                     | Supported | Supported | Supported   |
| vehicle-detection-adas-0002                      | any demo that supports SSD\*-based models                                                                    | Supported | Supported | Supported   |
| yolo-v2-tiny-vehicle-detection-0001              | [Object Detection Python\* Demo](./object_detection_demo/python/README.md)                             | Supported | Supported | Supported   |

Notice that the FPGA support comes through a [heterogeneous execution](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/_docs_IE_DG_supported_plugins_HETERO.html), for example, when the post-processing is happening on the CPU.

## Build the Demo Applications

> To be able to build demos you need to source InferenceEngine and OpenCV environment from a binary package which is available as [proprietary](https://software.intel.com/en-us/openvino-toolkit) distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to build demos you need to source Inference Engine and OpenCV environment from a binary package which is available as [proprietary](https://software.intel.com/en-us/openvino-toolkit) distribution.
```

> To be able to build demos you need to source `InferenceEngine` and `OpenCV` environment from a binary package which is available as [proprietary](https://software.intel.com/en-us/openvino-toolkit) distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to build demos you need to source Inference Engine and OpenCV environment from a binary package which is available as [proprietary](https://software.intel.com/en-us/openvino-toolkit) distribution.
```

These aren't identifiers.
